https://codepen.io/kthaovd13/pen/PowyeWa
 1. What is Semantic HTML? HTML markup should convey the underlying meaning of your content—not its appearance.
    2. What is HTML used for? It is used for structuring and creating web pages that are displayed on internet.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Attributes provide additional information about an element and are always specified in the start tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?  It is used for the most important header.  It should be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes.  Input and Img.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? Heading (or title) that make it easy for search engines to find.
    7. What is an id? The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? The id attribute can be used on any HTML element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? IDs are only allowed to be used once per HTML page.
    10. What is a class? The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? All HTML elements.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? A class can be added on one or more than one element on each page.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?  Right-click, then select, "open link in new tab."
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? The alt attribute is the HTML attribute used in HTML and XHTML documents to specify alternative text (alt text) that is to be rendered when the element to which it is applied cannot be rendered.
    15. How do I reference an id? Write a hash (#) character, followed by the id of the element.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? The <section> tag defines sections in a document, such as chapters, headers, footers, or any other sections of the document and The <div> tag defines a division or a section in an HTML document.
    17. What is CSS used for? CSS is used to define styles for your web pages, including the design, layout and variations in display for different devices and screen sizes.
    18. How to we select an element? By typing <element name>.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one. Ex. Class = cities, IDs = Main header. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? To select elements with a specific class, write a period (.) character, followed by the name of the class.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human”?  .human p 
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? The ("parent > child") selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.  This would useful if you wanted to style all elements under the parent element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector? A CSS pseudo-class is a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element(s).
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height: 20px
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing: 3px
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? <div>border: 1px dotted black</div>
    29. How do I select everything on the page? ctrl+a
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /*/
    31. How do I find out what fhow ile I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm.  You cannot recover the file.
    34. Why should I use version control? Helps prevent concurrent work from conflicting.
    35. How often should I commit to github? Whenever you add something that you feel is important, you should commit.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        - create own repo
        - add TL as collaborater
        - clone repo
        - create branch
        - submit project to new branch
            - use own fork as base
            - add TL as reviewer
        - TL will count HW as done and merge HW back into master "student fork."